Azure Email Communication Services (using Provider) (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-129) (#15254)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/1.9.0.md

Author: fixed. I think I addressed all your feedback. let me know if you see anything else.

});
```

### Email Module

In the past, we utilized the injection of `ISmtpService` for sending Email messages. However, in this release, it is now necessary to inject `IEmailService` instead.

> Additionally, `SMTP` provider is no longer enabled by default. If you want to use SMTP email provider, you must enable the provider by visiting the email settings `Configuration` > `Settings` > `Email` and see the `SMTP` tab.

Author: Actually that note is old. It is enabled by default "no breaking change".  I'll get it updated

> Additionally, `SMTP` provider is no longer enabled by default. If you want to use SMTP email provider, you must enable the provider by visiting the email settings `Configuration` > `Settings` > `Email` and see the `SMTP` tab.

Author: I removed the second part as it is no longer the case. SMTP will be enabled by default as long as it is already configured.

### Email Module

> The `OrchardCore.Email` module has undergone a refactoring process with no breaking changes. However, there are compile-time warnings that are recommended to be addressed. Here is a summary of the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OrchardCore.Email` module has undergone a refactoring process with no breaking changes. However, there are compile-time warnings that are recommended to be addressed. Here is a summary of the changes:
```

>  - Previously, we used the injection of `ISmtpService` for sending email messages. In this release, it is now necessary to inject `IEmailService` instead.
>  - The `SMTP` related services are now part of a new module named `OrchardCore.Email.Smtp`. If you need to use SMTP provider to send emails, enable `OrchardCore.Email.Smtp` feature.
>  - If you were using the `OrchardCore_Email` configuration key to set up the SMTP provider for all tenants, please update the configuration key to `OrchardCore_Email_Smtp`. The `OrchardCore_Email` key will be deprecated in future releases.
>  - A new email provider was added to allow you to send email using Azure Communication Services Email. Click [here](../reference/modules/Email.Azure/README.md) to read more about the ACS module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Previously, we used the injection of `ISmtpService` for sending email messages. In this release, it is now necessary to inject `IEmailService` instead.
 - The `SMTP`-related services are now part of a new module named `OrchardCore.Email.Smtp`. If you need to use SMTP provider to send emails, enable the `OrchardCore.Email.Smtp` feature.
 - If you were using the `OrchardCore_Email` configuration key to set up the SMTP provider for all tenants, please update the configuration key to `OrchardCore_Email_Smtp`. The `OrchardCore_Email` key continues to work but will be deprecated in a future release.
 - A new email provider was added to allow you to send email using Azure Communication Services Email. Click [here](../reference/modules/Email.Azure/README.md) to read more about the ACS module.
```
